Goddamn thing
How dare you cheat
Are you worthy of the years of hard work?
Who is that woman?
Grandpa's rice can be eaten indiscriminately
Talk nonsense
There are no women outside
Why did you divorce Master Jing? Why?
Do I need a reason to divorce you?
I have seen all the efforts I have made this year
Leave if you say so
Do you have an old man like me in your eyes?
I only know this one granddaughter-in-law
I don't interfere with your thoughts
Anyway, I am not the only grandson of yours.
What nonsense are you talking about?
There is my old man on this day
I will not allow you two to divorce
It's not up to you to say it
It's what I say
I don't have patience
Forestry even dares to ignore the old man's words
With his vigorous means
If I don't sign, there will definitely be no good fruit to eat
OK, I'll sign.
I don't ask for anything else.
I just hope you treat Jing Rui well.